How Blockchain Technology Works! ( 101 ) Demo
->https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_160oMzblY8

How the public ledger is stored and the underlying technology...
https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/1600/where-are-the-users-bitcoins-actually-stored?noredirect=1&lq=1
https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/4540/is-the-transaction-database-ever-shortened?noredirect=1&lq=1


Solves double spending problem! using (proof of work)

The blockchain’s innovation is decentralized consensus. If your app needs some feature that requires everyone else 
to agree on something, you should use a blockchain. A simple example is a username system for which it doesn’t really matter
who has the “@user” username; what matters is that everyone agrees who has it. There have been lots of decentralized protocols
in the past, but they all required nodes to trust one another. The blockchain is an immutable record that every node has
a copy of, so no one can pretend that they too are @user. This can be done via the use of smart contracts.

Smart contracts

A smart contract is a piece of code that lives in a blockchain. When a preprogrammed condition is triggered, the smart
contract executes the corresponding contractual clause.


BEWARE
Not all dapp code is a smart contract.

How to make profitable dapps!?
-learn from the example of satoshi nakamoto...
Required 4 basic features:-
1. Open Source
Open sourcing a dapp changes the structure of its business practices so that the Internet is common denominator instead
of a chain of closed silos. Launuching an closed source is much more difficult, marketing , to get a user base.


2. Internal currency
  Using appcoin. ( Scarce Token )
  
  
3. Decentralized Consensus
  bitcoin is P2P. Previous decentralized applications, like bittorrent, using DTH( Distributed table hashes)-BUT, DHTs are great
  for storing and streaming decentralized data, but if you want application-level constructs like usernames, status updates, 
  high scores, and so forth for which you need everyone to agree on in a decentralized way. IT IS SOLVED BY BLOCKCHAIN TECH.
  What makes the blockchain unique is that it solves the major security issue of DHTs: not forcing nodes to trust each other
  on the validity of data.  If your app needs some feature that requires everyone else to agree on something, you should use 
  a blockchain. FOR EG. USERNAME, since blockchain provides every user with the copy of nodes. None, can pose as that user.
  This is implemented using smart contract since only maintaining the transaction id( what blockchain have been doing in order 
  cryptocurrency) cant solve the purpose, each node can do inspection only when they have the data. And smart contract is a code 
  snippet ensuring the above. A smart contract is a piece of code that lives in a blockchain. When a preprogrammed condition is 
  triggered, the smart contract executes the corresponding contractual clause. 
  How's it is different from stripe's API??
  SC runs on blockchain not on the server.
  SC - cryptoeconomically secured exectution of  code.
  
4.  No Central Point of Failure  
    DAPPs cant be taken down, since; no server. Use of decentralized databse system can be taken into account(IPFS, Ind. DTH, Bitorrent).
